plans/whitepaper.md, before:


## The problem (why)

- increase exposure to early stage open source project
- help novice developer find

existing platforms such as hacker news and product hunt are more about done projects

For a novice developer, working on a project under the supervision of
experienced programmers is the best way to learn.

- tooling
- engineering practices

For project owner, the value is in attracting users and contributors.

having contributors project management

- set milestones and estimate progress
- divide work
- communicate vision to team members and general public

project planning

identify the sequential and parallelizable parts of the project.



## The solution (what)

A hacker news like web application.

It fills the gap between mastering tools and a product.

- data science
- developer tool
- web application



## The team

- core development team (collaborators)
- others (contributors)


## Financials (how)

Donation and sponsorship.

Cost includes

- domain names for production and staging servers
- gcloud infrastructure
    - instance

Commit message:

project name change to nowhub

plans/whitepaper.md, after:

## What

This is a hacker news like web application. It aims to

- increase exposure to early stage open source project
- help novice developer find



- data science
- developer tool
- web application

## Why


For a novice developer, working on a project under the supervision of
experienced programmers is the best way to learn.

- tooling
- engineering practices


existing platforms such as hacker news and product hunt are more about done projects

For project owner, the value is in attracting users and contributors.

having contributors project management

- set milestones and estimate progress
- divide work
- communicate vision to team members and general public

project planning

identify the sequential and parallelizable parts of the project.


## How

As an open source project, the man power comes from

- core development team (collaborators)
- others (contributors)

Cost is covered by project owner,
possibly by donation and sponsorship in the future.

- domain names: production and staging servers
- gcloud infrastructure
    - instance
    - database
